Everyone's saying that claude code is so
much better and they're absolutely
right. Claude code gives you the full
context window that gets restricted when
you use those same models through
cursor. This means you get significantly
more powerful AI coding performance.
Plus, it's incredibly affordable now
that it works with just the $20 pro
plan. So, why haven't I switched yet?
Because despite all this power, there
have been some major deal breakers that
kept me stuck on cursor. Issues so
frustrating that no matter how good
Claude Code's performance was, I just
couldn't make it my daily driver. But
that just changed completely. I just
discovered something that doesn't just
solve these problems. It finally makes
Claude Code the complete package I've
been waiting for. And once you see what
this is, you'll understand why this
changes everything. Now, this tool
transforms Claude Code in two major
ways, but there's so much more to it
than that. I'll also show you additional
features that will make switching to
Claude Code with this integrated tool
irresistible. Now, one of the biggest
advantages that Cursor had over Claude
Code was its incredible GUI that made
everything so much more accessible. You
could easily add features without any
hassle whatsoever. For instance, if I
wanted to paste an image, it was as
simple as just pasting it directly into
the interface. And when I needed to add
MCP servers, I could simply navigate to
the settings, go into tool integrations,
and add them right there. Even adding
rules was straightforward, and it came
with this beautiful visual editor where
you could modify your code directly. The
whole experience was just so much more
userfriendly compared to claude code.
But here's where things got interesting.
Cursor eventually released a feature
that let you access Claude code from
within cursor itself. Now, this was
pretty useful because it could bring
your errors from cursor directly into
clawed code. However, it still didn't
give you the full native Claude code
experience. Things like MCPS, rule
files, and creating sub agents still
required you to jump back into the
command line and handle everything
manually. Now, I was willing to work
with most of these limitations, but
there was this one feature that I
absolutely couldn't live without, and
that was the ability to paste images
directly. You see in cursor I can paste
an image and it shows up instantly. But
when I switch over to claude codes
interface and try to do the same thing,
the image simply doesn't appear. I'd
have to provide the actual file path or
go back to the terminal where image
pasting does work. This has honestly
been one of the most frustrating
limitations when using clawed code. But
finally, there's a solution that changes
everything and it's called Claudia. This
brings us to my first reason. Claudia
gives you a complete GUI for Claude code
and it's absolutely incredible. When you
open Claudia, you'll see two distinct
modes, Claude Code agents and Claude
Code projects. Now, Claude Code agents
is where things get really exciting.
This feature transforms the entire GUI
experience. Inside Claude Code agents,
you can create your own custom agents
with remarkable simplicity. These agents
leverage Claude's custom commands,
something we've covered in previous
videos, allowing you to build
specialized AI assistants. The setup
process is intuitive. You name your
agent, choose an icon, select the
default model, and Claudia creates a
completely isolated sandbox for your
project. This means your agent operates
separately from your main working
environment. You control exactly what it
can do, reading files, writing to them,
or searching the internet. The real
power comes from the system prompt,
which defines how your agent behaves.
Let me show you an example. I created a
web search agent specifically for
development tasks. I named it web search
agent. Customized the icon, selected the
model, and disabled write access since
it only needs to read files for context
and search the web. I gave it a focused
system prompt explaining that it
specializes in programming and software
development, prioritizing official
documentation and delivering only
relevant information to keep me
productive. Let me demonstrate how this
works. When I execute the agent, I can
select any project path. In this case,
my notion clone directory. I can choose
the model and enter my task. For
instance, I'll ask it to research the
best Shad CN components for my site.
Watch as it initializes and begins
working on the task. And there we have
it. The exact Shad CN components we
needed, complete with helpful
implementation tips. Oh, and if you're
enjoying the content we're making, I'd
really appreciate it if you hit that
subscribe button. We're also testing out
channel memberships. Launched the first
tier as a test and 82 people have joined
so far. The support's been incredible,
so we're thinking about launching
additional tiers. Right now, members get
priority replies to your comments.
Perfect if you need feedback or have
questions. The second option is Claude
Code projects. And this reveals the
second reason why Claude Code is so much
more powerful. Here you'll find all your
sessions. Every time you initialize
Claude in different folders, they appear
in this organized view. You can
initialize a new Claude code session,
choose your folder, select a model, and
even configure Claude's reasoning level
based on your prompt requirements. Let
me show you a real example. I opened
this project where I asked Claude to
create a mobile app prototype using
HTML, specifically an Uber app prototype
with custom theme requirements. Claude
responded exactly as it normally does,
starting with a to-do list. But now that
to-do list appears in this beautiful GUI
format. You can watch as it works
through each task systematically, then
moves on to writing the actual files,
completing every item on the list. The
result, a complete app prototype from a
single prompt. The UI is solid and with
better prompting, it could be even more
impressive. But what matters is that
this entire process now happens within
an intuitive visual interface. To
demonstrate the second reason, I built
this Nex.js app. I told Claude to create
a Next.js JS app and build a notion
landing page clone inside it. It created
its own to-do list and followed it step
by step, writing to files, checking
them, and notifying me when complete.
Another incredible feature of this new
GUI is the built-in preview window. You
can paste your URL and it opens your
site directly within the interface.
Remember that image issue I had when
using clawed code inside cursor? That's
completely solved here. It automatically
captures any issues you're experiencing.
You can see it caught this contrast
problem and lets you paste images
directly without manual file paths. Just
enter your prompt below and you're good
to go. Now, I'll be honest, there are a
few UI issues since the project is still
in development. It's already usable, but
there are some small bugs that will be
resolved soon. I'm telling it to fix the
contrast issue, and it's handling that.
But the real second reason why this GUI
is so much more powerful is checkpoints.
When working with Cursor, you get
checkpoints for every prompt you send,
allowing you to restore previous states
if anything goes wrong. This is one of
Cursor's most powerful features. You
don't worry about Git commits since not
every developer wants to deal with Git.
Having this built-in gives you complete
assurance that whatever the AI does is
reversible. This new tool brings that
same power with its timeline feature and
checkpoint system. I created a
checkpoint before making this change. So
if it doesn't fix correctly, I can
instantly return to my original state.
That's the power of this new GUI. You
also get a usage dashboard showing your
consumption plus a claw.md file so you
don't have to manually edit things in
terminal. One of the most powerful
features is adding MCP servers directly
from the interface. No more JSON files,
no more wrapping everything in single
quotes and typing manually in terminal.
Just copy paste the values, add your
arguments and commands for SSC servers.
Paste the URL and your MCP server is
ready to use. Using MCP servers with
cloud code has never been easier. And
this tool makes Claude code accessible
to developers who don't want to live in
the terminal. For me, this is a complete
gamecher. Now you might be thinking, is
it easy to install? Well, it requires a
few steps. It's available for all
platforms, Mac, Windows, and Linux. But
currently you need to install it from
source. That means building the app
yourself using the provided code and
instructions. Don't worry though, the
process is straightforward if you follow
along. In the GitHub repository, scroll
down to see the prerequisites. You'll
need Rust installed, bun installed, and
Git, which comes pre-installed on Mac
and Linux, but Windows users may need to
install it separately. Since this runs
on top of cloud code, you'll need that
installed as well. Once you have all
prerequisites ready, copy this command
and paste it into your terminal. This
clones the repository and moves you into
the directory. Next, run bun install
followed by the build command. You have
two options here. Development build,
useful if you want to modify the open-
source code and view changes in your
browser or production build, which
creates a readytouse application. Follow
these commands in sequence and the app
will appear as an icon in your
applications folder ready to launch.
That brings us to the end of this video.
If you'd like to support the channel and
help us keep making videos like this,
you can do so by using the super thanks
button below. As always, thank you for
watching and I'll see you in the next
one.